c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Resolution\Resolution\bin\Debug\Resolution.exe
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Resolution\Resolution\bin\Debug\Resolution.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Resolution\Resolution\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Resolution\Resolution\obj\x86\Debug\Resolution.Form1.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Resolution\Resolution\obj\x86\Debug\Resolution.Form2.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Resolution\Resolution\obj\x86\Debug\Resolution.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Resolution\Resolution\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Resolution\Resolution\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Resolution\Resolution\obj\x86\Debug\Resolution.exe
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Resolution\Resolution\obj\x86\Debug\Resolution.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Resolution\Resolution\obj\x86\Debug\Resolution.Form3.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Resolution\Resolution\obj\x86\Debug\Resolution.Form4.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Resolution\Resolution\obj\x86\Debug\Resolution.Form5.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Resolution\Resolution\obj\x86\Debug\Resolution.Form6.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Resolution\Resolution\obj\x86\Debug\Resolution.Form10.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Resolution\Resolution\obj\x86\Debug\Resolution.Form11.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Resolution\Resolution\obj\x86\Debug\Resolution.Form12.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Resolution\Resolution\obj\x86\Debug\Resolution.Form13.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Resolution\Resolution\obj\x86\Debug\Resolution.Form14.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Resolution\Resolution\obj\x86\Debug\Resolution.Form7.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Resolution\Resolution\obj\x86\Debug\Resolution.Form8.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Resolution\Resolution\obj\x86\Debug\Resolution.Form9.resources
I:\Resolution\Resolution\obj\x86\Debug\Resolution.exe
I:\Resolution\Resolution\obj\x86\Debug\Resolution.pdb
I:\Resolution\Resolution\bin\Debug\Resolution.exe
I:\Resolution\Resolution\bin\Debug\Resolution.pdb
I:\Resolution\Resolution\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
I:\Resolution\Resolution\obj\x86\Debug\Resolution.Form1.resources
I:\Resolution\Resolution\obj\x86\Debug\Resolution.Form10.resources
I:\Resolution\Resolution\obj\x86\Debug\Resolution.Form11.resources
I:\Resolution\Resolution\obj\x86\Debug\Resolution.Form12.resources
I:\Resolution\Resolution\obj\x86\Debug\Resolution.Form13.resources
I:\Resolution\Resolution\obj\x86\Debug\Resolution.Form14.resources
I:\Resolution\Resolution\obj\x86\Debug\Resolution.Form2.resources
I:\Resolution\Resolution\obj\x86\Debug\Resolution.Form3.resources
I:\Resolution\Resolution\obj\x86\Debug\Resolution.Form4.resources
I:\Resolution\Resolution\obj\x86\Debug\Resolution.Form5.resources
I:\Resolution\Resolution\obj\x86\Debug\Resolution.Form6.resources
I:\Resolution\Resolution\obj\x86\Debug\Resolution.Form7.resources
I:\Resolution\Resolution\obj\x86\Debug\Resolution.Form8.resources
I:\Resolution\Resolution\obj\x86\Debug\Resolution.Form9.resources
I:\Resolution\Resolution\obj\x86\Debug\Resolution.Properties.Resources.resources
I:\Resolution\Resolution\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
I:\Resolution\Resolution\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
G:\Resolution\Resolution\obj\x86\Debug\Resolution.exe
G:\Resolution\Resolution\obj\x86\Debug\Resolution.pdb
